Did you know about one in nine people over age 65 have Alzheimer's disease?
The AHEAD Study is looking for people ages 55 to 80 to join the National Institutes of Health
Funded AHEAD Study. The AHEAD Study aims to prevent Alzheimer's disease before symptoms appear.
Discovering a treatment that targets brain changes early means doctors may one day prevent
memory loss. Help us get ahead of Alzheimer's. Visit AHEADStudy.org. A supernatural thief on the
run from the law and then we visit a town in England that seems to have a taste for fire,
fear, and the souls of children today on Dead Rabbit Radio.
Hey everyone, welcome back to another episode of Dead Rabbit Radio. I'm your host,
Jason Carpenter. I'm having a great day. I hope you're having a great day too. We have a lot of
good stuff for you today. So I wanted to start the story off with the tale of a photo that I happened
to find while I was out walking today. Now of course, talking about a photo can be difficult
about on a podcast. And I'm going to start off by saying that this story is 100% true because
you could be thinking, "Oh Jason's just larping. Jason's just trying to set up some narrative
going on with the podcast." But today I was, and it's 100% true. I showed the picture to Veronica
earlier. I kind of had to explain to her why the picture was more worrying than normal, but
there could be a totally logical explanation for this. So let me actually go get the picture here.
It's not like I can actually show it to you or anything, but so I found this picture. It's on
one of those little instax, Fuji film instax thing. It's basically the kid version of an old
Polaroid camera like I had when I was a kid. So it's a little picture. It's probably about two
inches by an inch and a half, a pink border on it. And in the picture, what I'm going to do too,
just so you can have a frame of reference, is I'm going to take a photograph of this picture
and I will put it up on the website. So if you go to DeadRabbit.com, you'll see a copy of the picture.
And if you're listening to this on YouTube, you're probably looking at a photo of it right now.
So let me explain to you a little bit about it. It's funny because I didn't plan on talking about
this. So we'll see about those other stories. But the photo, you're going to see black smudges on
the sides. That's not dirt or anything to make it look any creepier. It is the ink coming off of
the back of the picture. The little film has been slightly removed. When I found this, it was raining.
So it wasn't in the best condition, but all the dirt isn't to make it look spooky. That is just
ink. I got ink all over my hands when I picked this photo up as well. I had to carry it with me.
But if you're not looking at the photo right now, let me explain it briefly to you. The camera
is tilted slightly. So the camera itself is tilted slightly. So it gives it a look as if someone
wasn't looking straight on at their subject, but they're holding their camera at a, I don't know,
60 degree angle. In the picture, we see what looks to be an apartment. The apartment looks fairly,
I don't want to say abandoned because that makes it too creepy. But you can see that the blinds are
kind of a skew. They're not lined up right. The only thing we see in the photo is an oven,
a stove, I guess whatever, that thing that you put food in. Cabinets, the top of a chair,
presumably a kitchen chair, a couple of knickknacks on a windowsill, and what appears to be a young
woman cowering in fear of whoever's taking the picture. So my first instinct, obviously, is that
this is a staged photo some kids are messing around. And that is very likely. There's actually
three scenarios here. One is that this is a staged photo and these kids are messing around,
and they either lost it or they left it there intentionally. It was raining. So again, if someone
was going to put this out there to be like, ooh, let's do some spooky stuff, you may want to have
waited until it wasn't raining or put it somewhere where it wouldn't get wet. But again, it just adds
the creepiness factor that is sitting out in the rain. It was sitting face up. I walked right by it
and looked down, picked it up. The other option is this. So there is a famous, if you're into
true crime, you most likely have seen this photo before. Let me actually get some more info on.
Again, I didn't plan on doing this part of the show. I showed it to Veronica and I was going to
save it, but I was just looking at it on my, put it on the top of my fridge and I said, no, I'm
going to do that story now. So let me get some quick information for you here. So there is,
if you're into true crime, you've come across this photo. It's a very famous photo. It's the last
photo of Regina K. And who Regina K is, sorry, it's the last photo of a woman named Regina K.
Walters. And I'll also have this photo on DeadRabbit.com. All the show notes are going to be in as
normal. So if you forget the website or whatever, you can still locate this stuff. But I really
think you should check it out. There is a photo of a woman named Regina K. Walters. She is, it was
chilling the first time I saw it. It's actually still quite chilling, but it's a photo of her
standing on what looks to be an abandoned barn or a house that has been partially destroyed.
She is standing there. Her hair has dyed black. She's wearing different clothes than she had on
then when she was kidnapped. And she's cowering in fear in front of the camera. And the camera is
tilted about 60, 70 degrees at an angle. So that's what made me a little more suspicious of the photo,
is that it matches this very famous true crime photo. So the first option again is that it's
completely made up and it just coincidentally matches one of the most famous last photos of a
victim that it's pretty iconic again. If you've in true crime, you've probably seen it. The second
scenario is that it is fake and it happens to, sorry, the second scenario is that it is fake.
And the people who took it were making it match that photo in the first place. That was kind of
the point. They go, "Oh, that's a creepy photo. Let's, let's do that. Let's do this sideways thing,
this angle." The third option, the least likely of all the options, is that it's real, that this
young unidentified woman was really cowering in fear, that the photo was staged as some sort of
fetish or warning or trophy. As of now, there's no, been no reports of missing women in my area.
So, and it's a small town. So it's not something that I'm super concerned about. I just think it's
an interesting item. So we're going to go ahead and we're going to hold on to this. And again,
I want to 100% assure you that this is not a LARP. This is not an ARG. This is not some fictional
narrative that I am building up for the podcast. This is 100% true. And I understand if you go,
"Oh, Jason's just mucking about." Like, I get that you would think that. I know that I did the four
short story episodes a while back, but those were completely different intro music, completely
different tone. They were labeled as such. I may continue to do those. I don't know. They still
get hits, but I don't know if I'm going to keep doing that. But this is 100% true. As far as my
part of the story of finding the photograph, I can't verify that the photo itself is not fake.
But if it is fake, I had no part in taking the photo. I had no part in planning the photo. I
had no part in anything like this. It was just laying on a rock as I was walking by. And I'm
not so famous in my area that someone would be like, "Oh, Jason Carpenter walks by here. Let's
leave him a photo and get on his podcast." So, yeah, really weird. I took it. I showed it to Veronica.
She thought it was weird. I showed her the backstory and showed her the photo of the young woman who
was also missing. The dude who did kill her. I just looked that up. He's in prison. He's like in
his 70s. So I don't think he's kicking it around in my neighborhood. But so, yeah, weird. I'll keep
you updated. I'll tell you this right now. There's probably no ending to this story. I'm probably
not going to come back a week from now and being like, "I was being chased by guys in cloaks."
Or, "This woman went missing." To be honest, it probably is just a weird series of coincidences.
But I will keep you guys updated. I wanted to go ahead and share that story with you.
It's kind of different than what I normally show. It kind of falls into my personal experience
ghost story type things. And I kind of prefer to cover stuff that I can show you articles and
verify. But I'm going to post a photo of the photo. And I'll post a copy of the other photo of
the young woman that I think this photo is emulating. And we'll go from there. Okay,
so let's go ahead. I didn't plan on doing that. But I was like, "Because that actually just happened
today where I found the photo." And I was like, "Oh, we'll do it later." But no, I'm glad we did it
today. So, and I know no one's going to believe me. But anyway, so let's get it. And that's fine.
That's fine. I don't, yeah, it's good to be skeptical, even of me. Never heard to be
skeptical of anybody. So, but it is true. So anyways, okay, and we're back. Actually,
I took a bit of a break there. I talked to this next story I went on for like 20 minutes talking
about. I think it's an interesting story. I don't know if it's 20 minutes interesting.
And I said it'd be easier for me to just rerecord it than to have to edit it down. So
I do think it's definitely an interesting story. But I talked about it way too long.
What we're going to do is we're going back in time to the late 1800s. So we're after the
Civil War. We're in the United States. We're in the South. And there was a man who was known as
Railroad Bill. So Railroad Bill is half factual, half legend. Maybe the legends are true. I don't
know. We'll explore that in a bit. But Railroad Bill was just a normal dude. Well, he's a little
more than normal because nobody knew anything about him. He just kind of popped up in the area.
We don't know anything about his childhood or where he came from. And even people there,
they weren't too familiar with who he was. He went by the name of Morris Slater. But even then it
seemed like that may not have actually been his real name. People stories go that he originally
started off as a circus performer and ended up getting a job at a Turpentine company,
which I guess somebody has to manufacture Turpentine. Turpentine is paint remover. It's most popularly
known as the dip that Judge Doom put shoes in. I'm sure a painter will be like, "No, it's more
popularly known as paint remover, but anyways, worked at a Turpentine company." He also enjoyed
riding the rails. So there was a rail company back in the day called Louisey. They weren't really
good with names back then. This railroad company was called Louisville and Nashville Railroad.
So again, like, yeah, you're just kind of describing what it is. He hitches a ride on the rail. The
breakman on the train finds him and picks him up and throws him off the train. And from this event,
Railroad Bill vowed vengeance on the train company. But anyways, then this breakman throws him off the
train and he like falls into the dirt. And most people's first reaction would be like, "Whoa,
I'm glad I didn't get mangled horribly by the train." Railroad Bill's first reaction is to pull
out his rifle, which he somehow kept a hold of. If I was throwing a guy off a train, I wouldn't
then be like, "And take your rifle with you!" But anyways, Railroad Bill takes out his rifle and
opens fire on the breakman. Train just keeps on chugging along. From that day, Railroad Bill vowed
vengeance on the train company. Now, getting thrown off a train isn't the easiest thing to endure,
but Railroad Bill made it his life mission to go after the train company. He actually quit his job
at the Turpentine company. He's like, "You can kill toons on your own." And formed a gang that then
hijacked trains and robbed them. And what they would do is they would put one guy on the train,
they would hide a guy on the train, and be like, "Tip one, don't get thrown off." But they would
put a guy on the train. And when the train would kind of be out in the middle of nowhere, the dude
would open the door out and throw all the goods out of the train. The story goes that Railroad Bill
would then get the goods, get the contraband. Is it contraband? Well, he would get the stolen
property and then give it to the poor. He hated the railroad so much, he's like, "I don't even
want to make money from this. I'm just going to give all this stuff to the poor." So the people in
the area saw him as like a folk hero, as a real Robin Hood type guy. He also, this is why the
story is true crime-ish, but the reason why I'm covering it, I came across this in that great
book that I love, National Directory of Haunted Places. There'll be a link below if you want to
buy the book yourself, which I highly recommend everyone doing. And it is affiliate links, so
when you buy something, I get a little bit, but still, I highly recommend everyone getting this
book. The rumor goes that he actually had the power to shape shift, and he could assume either the
form of a big black dog or any inanimate object. Now, if I had a choice between becoming, like,
yeah, being a big black dog helps you like run around and like menace people, but if I can become
any inanimate object, I would just become a hundred dollar bill and then have my buddy,
which back then was a ton of money, have a buddy buy stuff and then like they hand over the hundred
dollar bill and they don't notice the little picture of the guy like winking at the get, at that
is a compass going "wink!" And then after they get the goods, he can turn back into a human and run
out the back door. That's how I would rob stuff if I could turn into inanimate objects. But anyways,
I wonder like if you turned into a stagecoach and people were inside you, would that be comfortable?
They're like, it's just like an eight month ride through the wilderness. But anyways, so, well,
if you turn into a stagecoach is that inanimate. Technically, the coach part is you'd have to
get some wheels put on you. But anyway, so railroad bill could turn into an inanimate object or a
big black dog. And that's the legend. The reason why that legend grew was because they could not
catch this guy. First off, there was a $350 reward, which again is a ton of money back then. And as
his crime spree progressed, at one point, okay, at one point he was fell asleep behind a water tower
along these train tracks. These train employees found him. They grabbed his rifle, they grabbed his
pistol, and then woke him up. They're like, get up, get up railroad bill, we're assuming because
you're by railroad. Railroad bill jumps up, sprints 100 yards, pulls out another gun he had hidden,
and starts a gun battle. And the dudes weren't prepared for that. They have to hide in this
little shed and he's like shooting in the shed. And the other guys are like shooting. And around
that time, this is just luck, this isn't supernatural, a train pulls up to the water tower, railroad
bill jumps in the train, hijacks it to make his getaway. But he hated the train company so much.
He drove the train about 200 yards, stopped it, got off the train, and started another gun battle
with the people in the shed. And he kept shooting at them until he ran out of ammo and then just
took off. Eventually, more law enforcement got called in, a sheriff was killed. At that point,
the reward was raised to $1,250, which in today's money was $34,000. So everyone was out looking
for this guy. You had Pinkerton detectives, you had vigilantes, bounty hunters, law enforcement,
railroad officials, just normal dudes or shotguns. He ends up getting cornered in a swamp, and 100
men are on his tail. Now these are all different groups. So some of them are going to be expert
trackers, some of them are just going to be moonshine people. Not like they're made of moonshine,
but you know, like people who drink a lot of moonshine. It's much easier to evade one group of
people that are working as a group than it is to have to outrun basically 100 different battle
plans. Every group's searching for him on his own. For five days, he evades them in the swamp. And
that's again why people are like, "Yep, told ya, he's a shapeshifter." I can imagine like these
hillbillies walking through a swamp looking for this dude, and there's just this giant tree there
with like these cartoon eyes just like looking at him and he's like "hehehehe" and then once they leave
he turns back into a human and runs away. Or he like turns into a frog, I guess it's not an
animated object. He turns into a frog that doesn't move, so that's inanimate. I kind of probably
pushed in the boundaries there. But anyway, so he does all this stuff. He eventually does meet his
end. He's at like a convenience store, like an old-timey shop, and two different teams of vigilantes
come at the same time and they riddle him full of bullets and he dies. And you go, "well that's proof
that he's not a shapeshifter." However, I will argue that maybe he's simply shapeshifted into a dead body
to keep everyone. That's inanimate, right? And then afterwards he jumped out of his grave. Actually,
I know for a fact that's not true, because his body was on display for so long in so many different
cities that judges had to say, "you can't, you have to stop displaying this guy's body." He was that
big of a local legend, that big of an outlaw. The people loved him, law enforcement hated him.
Whether or not he was a shapeshifter is definitely up for debate. I'd like to think that he was. I
think that makes the world more interesting. He should have shapeshifted into a bulletproof vest
at the end, but anyways, so again, he was such a local figure that they're actually, I believe it
was in the 20s, they wrote a ballot for railroad bill. A little ballot. And I'm going to sing a
part of it for you. Now, I can't play it for you, because copyright, even though it was in the 1920s,
the only recording I have is copyrighted, but the lyrics themselves are not copyrighted.
Railroad bill up on a hill, light and cigar with the $10 bill. Now, before you criticize the lyrics,
again, this is an old-timey song. So it's not like these guys are coming out with their A-game.
Like, this was, these people were like, "damn, he rhymed hill with bill and bill again." But anyways,
railroad bill up on a hill, light and cigar with the $10 bill. Railroad bill took my wife.
If I don't like it, gonna take my life. Not only is he a shapeshifter, not only is he a train
bandit, not only is he a, well, not modern-day Robin Hood, but not only is he an American Robin Hood,
he also cucks you. Yep. So that's the story of railroad bill. Now, imagine that story I just
told you expounded to 20 minutes and you'll understand why I cut out a bunch of stuff. And
also, I went on too long talking about that. I can't, I didn't have room to talk about our next
story. So let's go ahead and move on to our next story here. We're going to England. We spent a
lot of time in England. We spent a lot of time in South America and we've spent a lot of time in
England. I'd like to do some more like Australia, Eastern European stuff, African stuff. We spent
a little bit of time in Africa. Crazy Cryptid Week was there, but now we're back in England. And
we're going a little bit back in time here, which tends to happen. I don't know. Every time I go to
England, I get caught in some sort of time warp. 1920s. Now, in Gillingham, England, which is in
the states, they don't call them states over there or whatever, they call them like the cities are
called shires and the states are called counties or something like that. But anyways, in the shire of,
and someone's like totally like, no, that's not true at all. But in the shire slash town of Gillingham,
in the 1920s, they had the Gillingham Fair. And one of the highlights of the Gillingham Fair was
they would build this three story structure out of wood and canvas. And you're thinking that seems
incredibly dangerous. That seems very flammable. Uh-huh. So they built this three story structure
out of wood and canvas, and it was for a firefighters demonstration. And they had this thing. It's
called the bridal party rescue. I don't know if that's what it's actually called, but that's what
we're going to call it. They had this event that was a bridal party rescue where you had
two firefighters who would act as newlyweds. So they'd go up there. I don't know if they put on
tuxes and wedding dresses because they're both dudes because this is the 1920s. But anyways,
they go up there and they have a bridal party and they're in the structure. And this is out of
fair. So people are watching this like you have this huge crowd watching this event. And then you
have flares go off and smoke go off and everyone goes, oh no, help me, help me, firemen of Gillingham.
The firefighters come and they bring out their ladders and they rescue the people out of the
structure and everyone claps and they're like, well, these are very efficient firemen. And then
they start a real fire and they burn the structure down and they just put it out with their hoses.
And everyone would be like, yay, there's nothing else to do back then. I mean, like that was the
highlight of your year when you got to see that happen. And went off without a hitch for quite a
while. So but eventually there was a hitch so you know where this story is going in 1929. So now
we're on July 11th, 1929. It's fair time. Everyone's like, oh dude, are you going to go see the canvas
structure burned out? Oh yeah, totally man. Of course I'm going to see the canvas structure
burned down. That's all I'm going to do this year. So they go out there and for this bridal party this
time you had nine boys and six men. So you had two of them or the bride in the groom. And the
rest of people were pretending to be the wedding guests. And for what, and this is where the story
goes weird and we're going to explore this more. But for whatever reason, the smoke bombs and the
flares, they don't go off. Instead the second stage starts. So this people are in this building.
You have a total of 15 people here. The fire starts. Now that's supposed to happen after
everyone's out of the building. Again, it's three stories. It's 40 feet tall and it catches on fire.
Now it doesn't take a rocket science to know that canvas and wood are incredibly flammable.
The building just ignites. Now the firefighters on the scene, on the ground, who were there to be
there to do the mock rescue and then put the fire out afterwards, they realize immediately what's
going on. They just flamesshoot out the building. They look at each other, drop their tea in crumpets,
grab their gear and start trying to put out the fire. But the audience thinks that it's part of
the show. They're like, "Man, special effects have gotten really good this year. Normally there's
just smoke coming out of the windows, but look at those flames go." The audience is cheering at this
fire. The people in the building are screaming for help. They immediately know that things have gone
sideways because some of the adults in the building are firefighters. They immediately begin screaming
for help and the audience is now even clapping even harder. They're like, "This is the best performance
those people have ever given." Normally they're just like, "Help me, help me." But these guys actually
seem like they're crying for their lives. This is amazing. The crowd is cheering them on. Firefighters
are probably just like, "Shut up. Actually, the firefighters probably didn't even hear him. They're
just blasting this thing with water." And the audience continued to applaud until the first boy
jumped off the top of the building on fire, smashed into the ground. And the audience is kind of like
slowly stopped clapping. They're watching this and then another boy jumps out of the building on fire,
crashes into the ground. Of the people who were there, so there was 15 people in the building,
of the people who were there, 13 of them died at the scene. Horribly burned, choked out on smoke,
two of them leapt to their deaths on fire, two were severely injured, and then they died later.
So out of the 15 people in the building, all 15 died. They don't know how the fire started. They
don't know who started the fire. They don't know what happened at the event. They just know it was
this horrible tragedy. Basically, the city shut down. There was this huge funeral. They're all
buried in the same location. So I read about that event, and I was like, "That's just a tragic event."
But what's weird? It is weird that all this time we don't know who started the fire. You think that
would be one detail you would know, because if someone's job was to start the fire, because
they're firemen, they're not like mucking about. They're not just throwing matches and stuff,
waiting to go off. They're very controlled to burn, but no firefighter was ever accused or
brought to trial or anything like that. The fire just started. And you go, "Okay, just a tragic
coincidence, technological failure." Whatever. 22 years later, in the same town, Shire, of Gillingham,
there was a bus and a streetlight out of all the streetlights in the world that could have
won out. One streetlight goes off. A bus driver's driving down the road. This bus driver worked
for a company called the Chatham and District Traction Company. They needed a... Someone needs
to invent a time machine and go back in time and teach people how to name stuff. The Chatham and
District Traction Company, which you can actually shorten district traction to distraction,
auto-lean up. Street lights out. Bus drivers are going down the road. Now normally it would
want to be a huge issue, but something else was going on in the street. And also the bus driver
did had his sidelights on, but he didn't have his headlights on, which was actually at the time
totally legal. You didn't have to drive their headlights on. And this was later, obviously,
and that's why the streetlight being out and him not having headlights on is an issue. While he's
driving this bus down the road, there is a march. There is a parade of 52 young kids of the Royal
Marines volunteer cadet corps between the ages of 9 and 13 marching down the street. And they're
nice little uniforms. They're dark uniforms. That doesn't help. He doesn't see them with the street
light being out and him not having any headlights. He plows into them. The bus driver didn't even know
he hit him. It was a double-decker bus and they're little kids. So it's tragic as that is. I mean,
it's... Be hard to see. He runs over him and he doesn't even realize that he has hit anything
until he started to feel the car wobbling like he was driving over loose stones,
which would have been bodies caught up in the wheels. Witnesses at the scene say,
"We don't believe that because the minute he impacted them, you just hear it screaming everywhere."
They believe that he knew much quicker that he had hit these kids and for whatever reason kept going.
Out of the... I mean, okay, now you're driving a bus down the road and there's 52 kids marching
in the intersection. You have to have... This is school shooter numbers of the damage he did.
Like I imagine if a bus hits a bunch of kids at a certain point, they're going to start moving out
of the way or if he hits a broadside, he's only going to take out a chunk of them, out of 52 kids,
24 killed, 18 injured. So more than half of the kids in that group got ran over or maybe a couple
got trampled. At the time, it was the highest loss of life in any road accident in British history.
I saw both of these events and I thought, yes, coincidence. Both of these events relied on
just a little problem. And we see that with a lot of stuff like plane crashes, they can say it was
just this one instrument or this could have been prevented if just this one little piece was in
place or whatever. But it seems chilling that both of these events separated by 22 years in the same
city with mass loss of life of a lot of kids both happened through happenstance. They both happened
by sheer bad luck. Him not having his headlights on, like I said, that was legal at the time, so
they didn't... they probably wouldn't have made an issue. But the street light going out and him
running over the kids and then the light, the fire mysteriously being set before it was supposed to.
And nobody was ever held accountable for that. I was looked at these two things and I thought,
this sounds very like dairy, Maine. This sounds very like a pennywise type situation. And I started
now, again, a lot of times people go, man, you're really skeptical. But I don't always start off
like that. So with this, I go there were 22 years apart. Let's see what happened 22 years after the
bus accident. Let's see what happened 22 years before the Gillingham fire. Like I tried to look
for some sort of pattern, some sort of pennywise style pattern. I couldn't find any, to be fair.
But it does seem in that short amount of time that all these kids were killed, it really does give
the two stories a connected, really creepy vibe and not only were mass amounts of kids killed,
but the way they were killed was terribly brutal. Is it possible that the town of Gillingham is
powering itself from the torment and death of children? If I wanted a liable lawsuit, I would
say definitely. If I wanted to be skeptical about it, I'd say no, they're just two tragic events in
the same area. And you can look all over the world for tragic events in the same area, and they may
meet some sort of pattern. But there's a part of me that thinks that there's something a little
more creepy going on there. I have no proof of that. And it hasn't been replicated. I can't prove it.
I just get it. It just gives me a creepy feeling, a creepy hunch that there is something there,
or more importantly, there was something there that made these events happen. I have no proof of
that whatsoever. At all. Just a hunch. But sometimes a hunch is all you really have.
Dead Rabbit Radio at gmail.com is going to be our email address. You can also hit us up at
facebook.com/dead rabbit radio. Twitter is @jasonoparvin. Dead Rabbit Radio is the daily
paranormal conspiracy and true crime podcast. You don't have to listen to it every day,
but I'm glad you listened to it today. Have a great one, guys.
Do you want to sell your home? Despite inflation and increased mortgage rates,
buyers are looking now. Hire a Main Street Realtor to make your property stand out from the rest.
Main Street Realtors are experts in the Chicago suburbs. They know what buyers want to see in
your neighborhood and can advise you on what updates or features will make the biggest impact.
You don't need to go it alone. Your Realtor will prepare your home to sell quickly and for the
best possible price. Ready to sell? Visit Main Street.Realtor today.